ww870411@instance-20250906-2216:~/app/phoenix$ bash init-certbot.sh
>> Running certbot for platform.smartview.top ...
WARN[0000] /home/ww870411/app/phoenix/docker-compose.server.yml: the attribute `version` is obsolete, it will be ignored, please remove it to avoid potential confusion
Saving debug log to /var/log/letsencrypt/letsencrypt.log
Enter email address or hit Enter to skip.
 (Enter 'c' to cancel): locookies12@gmail.com

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Please read the Terms of Service at:
https://letsencrypt.org/documents/LE-SA-v1.5-February-24-2025.pdf
You must agree in order to register with the ACME server. Do you agree?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
(Y)es/(N)o: y

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Would you be willing, once your first certificate is successfully issued, to
share your email address with the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a founding
partner of the Let's Encrypt project and the non-profit organization that
develops Certbot? We'd like to send you email about our work encrypting the web,
EFF news, campaigns, and ways to support digital freedom.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
(Y)es/(N)o: n
Account registered.
Requesting a certificate for platform.smartview.top

Certbot failed to authenticate some domains (authenticator: webroot). The Certificate Authority reported these problems:
  Domain: platform.smartview.top
  Type:   unauthorized
  Detail: 2606:4700:3032::6815:35a2: Invalid response from http://platform.smartview.top/.well-known/acme-challenge/bsQF13Uo72kynN0lqfAlDDRdKMbI40voJQV0LEAzkPE: 521

Hint: The Certificate Authority failed to download the temporary challenge files created by Certbot. Ensure that the listed domains serve their content from the provided --webroot-path/-w and that files created there can be downloaded from the internet.

Some challenges have failed.
Ask for help or search for solutions at https://community.letsencrypt.org. See the logfile /var/log/letsencrypt/letsencrypt.log or re-run Certbot with -v for more details.
